hello and welcome to the are reviews
today we're viewing sh figuarts piccolo
the normal version and the sdcc version
so as I'm bringing you another
comparative review today because I feel
like I need to do one for all the the
SDCC and normal figure availabilities
I'll be doing a Vegeta later and Gohan
whatever the reach of him comes out so
yeah piccolo is my favorite a DBZ
character and one of my favorites
FiguArts
the normal version is the amount of
acceleration and the sdcc version is the
anime coloration I do prefer this one
but they are both good figures they of
course have the same level more
articulation detail pretty much they're
just slightly different let's go ahead
and zoom in for articulation details
although such thing alright sorrowful
quick size comparison of course here we
have both of our Piccolo's here is sh
figuarts goku here's our standard Marvel
legend 6-inch superior spider-man and 3
and 3/4 inch roller Universal Wolverine
obviously both pet clothes are the same
size as they are basically the same
figure piccolo is a little bit taller
than Goku he should be taller that's
really the only complaint I've ever had
about this piccolo figure isn't that
he's not tall enough he's roughly the
same size as spider-man and of course
much bigger than the Marvel Universe
figure now let's get everything else out
of here and just look at the Piccolo's
alright moving on our 360 spin of course
here you can see piccolo they're both
wearing purple but the SDCC one is a bit
darker SDCC piccolo has a blue belt
whereas normal piccolo has a red one
they both do have red wrists bits and
outlines to their weird muscle patches
but the SDCC one has pink muscle
passages whereas the normal piccolo has
yellow ones their skin is both green but
the sdcc one is darker green and hasn't
been more shading to it and they both
have brown shoes on but the SDCC ones
are darker all the sculpting on them of
course is the same they all have the
same little lines and the arms and folds
in the cloth and everything looks good
sculpting wise and the paint job is also
good on both of them so it really just
depends upon what color variation you
fer now let's go ahead and zoom in on
Piccolo's head sculpt
all right here are the headphones
piccolo comes with three head sculpts
you get a stern expression without the
turban start an expression with the
turban and then you get the angry veiny
sort of attacking head that's looking
off slightly to the side the only
difference between the heads is the skin
tone is a little bit dark on the sdcc
one and the turban top is a little bit
darker as well and there's a bit more
shading on the sdcc now let's zoom out
and look at some articulation
articulations piccolo is pretty standard
for the figure arts line you get the
ball peg rotation and the head goes up
and down all that kind of stuff I also
get the neck joint Horton back side to
side very good motion they're called
yoga shoulders go in and out forward and
back they also pop up and down a little
bit
bicep cut Doble joint elbows wrist hinge
and rotation his waist pops up moves
around on a double ball peg hops back in
hips drop down move forward and back
rotate around on the joint double
jointed knees ball peg in the ankle that
rotates around lives all about and toe
joint so that gets you pretty much any
real mobility you need so that's good
and fairly standard four figures now
let's go ahead and move on to all
Piccolo's accessories here are all of
Piccolo's extra hands and arm pieces you
get two fists to open blasting hands to
slightly curl blasting hands you get
your folded arms and you get your
special beam cannon hand the only
difference between the two is the skin
tone is a bit darker on the SDCC one it
has a bit more shading and of course the
nails are white on the SDCC version
whereas they're black only normal
version and of course there is
differences in the arms with the little
muscle patch things
and lastly piccolo has his cape they're
both sort of slightly pliable rubber and
then they have the full collar piece and
then the half collar piece for the
folded arms they look basically the same
and I think the shading on the sdcc one
which is the one on this side over here
it's a little bit darker but other than
that they look basically the same now
that about wraps up for both of the
Piccolo's and their accessories so let's
move on to the packaging packaging wise
they do both come in these standard SH
baked uart stop packaging which is a big
box
the window in it pickle on the side on
both parts this fox is mostly white and
has light green on it and then this one
it's purple and yellow this one also has
the SDCC exclusive logo on it other than
that they're basically the same the Toby
stickers on this side and on this one on
the other side still gets pixelated
images on both sides there and then on
the back you get little descriptions of
the characters this one's the Japanese
release I can't read it and then this
one that was only available in America
so I can read it either way as always
they are good for in or out of package
displace so yeah piccolo
alright the wraps it up for the piccolo
hello you've just watched one of my
videos feel free to like comment and
subscribe if you enjoyed my videos if
you didn't run away run away and never
return also feel free to check out my
other channels venom Raptor for all my
variety gaming content and VR reviews
for reviews of various action figures
and collectibles thank you and goodbye